welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about source codes US Army
pilot captain Colter Stevens wakes up on
a metro commuter train headed to Chicago
Stevens is disoriented his last memory
was flying on a mission in Afghanistan
however to the world around him
including his friend Christina Warren
and his reflections in the passenger
window and in the restroom mirror he
appears to be Sean Fentress a
schoolteacher as he expresses his
confusion to Christina the train
explodes killing everyone aboard Stevens
wakes up inside a dimly lit cockpit
communicating through a video screen Air
Force captain Colleen Goodwin verifies
Stevens identity and tells him of his
mission to find the Train bomber before
sending him back to the beginning
believing he is being tested in a
simulation Stevens finds the bomb but is
unable to identify the bomber before the
Train explodes again Stevens reawakens
in his capsule and after demanding to be
briefed learns that the train explosion
actually happened and that it was the
first attack of the series he is sent
back again eight minutes before the
explosion to identify the bomber
this time he disembarks the train with
Christina to follow a suspect
however he falls on the tracks and is
killed by a freight train the captial
power supply malfunctions as Stevens
reawakens he claims to have saved
Christina but drive Rutledge tells him
she was saved only inside the source
code
Rutledge briefly explains to Stevens
what source code is an experimental
machine that reconstructs the past using
the dead passengers residual collective
memories of eight minutes before their
death therefore the only thing that
matters is finding the bomber to prevent
the second attack on his next run
Stevens learns he was reported as killed
in action two months ago he confronts
Goodwin who reveals he is missing most
of his body and is on life support
while hooked up to neural sensors the
capsule and his healthy body are
manifestations made by his mind to make
sense of the environment angry at his
forced imprisonment Stevens asks to be
terminated after the mission and
Rutledge accepts after numerous attempts
Stevens identifies the bomber a
terrorist named Derek Frost Stevens
memorizes Frost's license and vehicle
registration plates however he is unable
to stop the train explosion outside
source code he relays his knowledge to
Goodwin which helps the police arrest
frost and prevents the second attack
Stevens is congratulated for completing
his mission
Rutledge secretly reneged on his deal to
let Stevens die as he is the only
candidate that can enter source code at
the moment sympathetic to his plight
Goodwin sends Stevens back one last time
and promises to disconnect his life
support after eight minutes this time he
sets a date with Christina defuses the
bomb handcuffs frost
and reports him to the police he calls
his father under the guise of a fellow
soldier and reconciles with him and
sends Goodwin a message after eight
minutes Goodwin terminates Stephens life
support as the world around him
progresses beyond eight minutes
Stevens confirms his suspicions that
source code is not a simulation but a
gateway to alternate realities he and
Christina leave the Train and go on a
date in the same reality Goodwin
receives Stephens message he tells her
of source codes true capability and asks
her to help the alternate reality
version of him thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]